doc: Add MQTTBox integration guide (#3164)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/integrations/mqtt-clients/mqttbox/mqttbox.md

> ---

Reviewer: Move this file to _index.md, it doesn't need to be a separate section. Everything can be in one document.

title: "Receive and Send Messages"
description: ""
---

To learn how to connect to {{% tts %}} MQTT Server, receive messages being sent by your end device or to send messages to it, follow the steps described in this section.

<!--more-->

>Note: this section follows the examples in the [MQTT Server]({{< ref "/integrations/mqtt" >}}) guide.

Open the MQTTBox application.

Click the **Create MQTT Client** button on the left to add a new MQTT client.

Give a name to your MQTT client by filling in the **MQTT Client Name** field.

Choose **mqtt / tcp** from a **Protocol** drop down list.

Open {{% tts %}} Console and navigate to **MQTT** submenu available under **Integrations** menu. 

> Copy **Public address** value and paste it in the **Host** field in the MQTTBox application. Do the same for the **Username** and **Password** fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the MQTTBox application, click the **Create MQTT Client** button on the left to add a new MQTT client. Give a name to your MQTT client by filling in the **MQTT Client Name** field. Choose **mqtt / tcp** from the **Protocol** drop down list, and enter the **Public address** of your {{% tts %}} instance in the **Host** field. Do the same for the **Username** and **Password** fields.
```
